README.markdown, before:

# DISQUS API Recipes

A cookbook of common recipes to help expedite your development process when using the DISQUS API.

## List

1.  List 100 most active users and comment counts: list-100-most-active-users.php (forums/listMostActiveUsers)
2.  Get an SSO account's username: get-sso-username.php (users/details)
3.  Get a thread's details: get-thread-details.php (threads/details)
4.  List all threads created between a given date and now: list-all-threads-between-date-and-now.php (threads/list)
5.  Create a guest comment: create-guest-comment.php (posts/create)
6.  Add users to the whitelist via CSV file: add_to_whitelist.php (whitelists/add)
7.  Test SSO with a single user: sso_test_recipe.php
8.  Closing a post using a single access token: single_access_token.php (threads/close)
9.  Get the most popular threads for a forum and write to a cache file: get_and_write_popular_threads_to_cache.php
10. Get the popular threads from cache file (generated by script 9.) and display them: get_popular_threads_from_cache.php

## Requirements

* PHP, preferably 5.3.8+
* (Optional) [DISQUS API bindings for PHP](https://github.com/disqus/disqus-php) — none of these .php files require the bindings. Only use the bindings if you know you need them and already know how to use them.

## Usage

Run any of these files from your PHP installation. Enjoy!

## Requests

[Email us any requests](http://disqus.com/support).

Note: The integrity and utility of these recipes is very important to us. This means keeping them tidy and aimed at a wide audience. If you request a very specific recipe we may make it less specific so it's more accessible.

## Support

These recipes are meant as a starting point, so most recipes have only been tested to work with PHP 5.3.8 in Chrome 17+.

Commit message:

Added SSO payload generator in C#

README.markdown, after:

# DISQUS API Recipes

A cookbook of common recipes to help expedite your development process when using the DISQUS API.

## List

1.  List 100 most active users and comment counts: list-100-most-active-users.php (forums/listMostActiveUsers)
2.  Get an SSO account's username: get-sso-username.php (users/details)
3.  Get a thread's details: get-thread-details.php (threads/details)
4.  List all threads created between a given date and now: list-all-threads-between-date-and-now.php (threads/list)
5.  Create a guest comment: create-guest-comment.php (posts/create)
6.  Add users to the whitelist via CSV file: add_to_whitelist.php (whitelists/add)
7.  Test SSO with a single user: sso_test_recipe.php
8.  Closing a post using a single access token: single_access_token.php (threads/close)
9.  Get the most popular threads for a forum and write to a cache file: get_and_write_popular_threads_to_cache.php
10. Get the popular threads from cache file (generated by script 9.) and display them: get_popular_threads_from_cache.php
11. Generate a remote_auth_s3 payload for SSO in C# .NET: /ms.NET/generate_SSO_payload.cs

## Requirements

* PHP, preferably 5.3.8+
* (Optional) [DISQUS API bindings for PHP](https://github.com/disqus/disqus-php) — none of these .php files require the bindings. Only use the bindings if you know you need them and already know how to use them.

## Usage

Run any of these files from your PHP installation. Enjoy!

## Requests

[Email us any requests](http://disqus.com/support).

Note: The integrity and utility of these recipes is very important to us. This means keeping them tidy and aimed at a wide audience. If you request a very specific recipe we may make it less specific so it's more accessible.

## Support

These recipes are meant as a starting point, so most recipes have only been tested to work with PHP 5.3.8 in Chrome 17+.
